---
title: "英语问答"
date: 2022-04-04T08:54:55+08:00
draft: true
---

# Please introduce yourself

​	Good morning/afternoon/,dear teachers/professors! It’s my great honor to be here for this interview. My name is XXX, 22 years old and I come from Luoyang, a city with a long history, I am a senior student in Zhongyuan University of Technology, and my major is software engineering.

​	 After entering the University, I have always maintained curiosity and enthusiasm for all kinds of new knowledge. Although I have never been in contact with programming, I found its charm in a period of study. During my freshman year, I entered the excellent class established by the school because of my outstanding grades in the examination. I also took part in many competition for professional skills held in our school, which stimulated [ˈstɪmjuleɪtɪd]  my academic passion. When I was a junior, my teammates and I participated in the national college student information security contest, and won the third National Prize, which not only strengthened our friendship, but also deepened our professional knowledge.

​    Next, I want to talk about my future plans. I chose to apply for your school because it has a large number of professional teachers for my dream major and enjoys a high reputation. I hope I can have a more systematic and professional understanding of it through three years of study, and contribute more research results to this field out of my work. 

​    If I am admitted, I will be very delighted and honored. The above is my self-introduction. Thank you



# What are you interested in?

I have been passionate about reading since I was a child. I love reading because reading exposes me many kinds of excellent works and allows me to learn many valuable qualities from different characters. I think these qualities can make me more decisive[dɪˈsaɪsɪv]  in facing challenges. Even if sometimes I am busy with my studies, I will still insist on reading. I believe reading would be my lifelong hobby.

# What is your favorite book?

My favorite book is Water Margin written by Shi Naian. This book mainly describes the great story of Liangshan hero's resistance to oppression [əˈpreʃn], Finally, with Song Jiang being recruited by the imperial[ɪmˈpɪəriəl] court, the uprising[ˈʌpraɪzɪŋ] ended in failure.

# Please tell me something about your hometown

My hometown is XXX, I grow up there together with my families and friends. XXX is a small county with beautiful environment, and the scenery there is also really attractive. Another important reason for my fascination [ˌfæsɪˈneɪʃn] with XXX is its slow pace of life. If you have the chance to take a walk with me on the streets of XXX, you would surely fall in love with this county

# Please give a brief introduction of your college

My undergraduate school is Zhongyuan University of Technology. During the past three years, many things in campus has left me deep impressions. Because it is located in the center of Henan, many competitions are often held here, and I also participated in some of them. The learning atmosphere in this University also attracts me very much. I often saw students reciting English words or reading aloud in some corners in the morning. Although many people maybe don't know much about Zhongyuan University of Technology, it indeed brought me a lot of precious memories and made me who am I now.

# Why do you choose our university and this major

The reason why I choose this major of 学校 is very simple: I want to become a excellent programmer after three/two years' study. I am interested in this field because after learning computer programming I can write some software to help myself or others in daily work

I majored in Software engineering now, spent almost four years to learn the basic knowledge in this field. During my postgraduate period, I hope to equip myself more practical skills thought the three/two year's study.

# Can you talk about your plans in the postgraduate study？

If I am luckily admitted, I will achieve the following goals during the next three/two -year study. First of all, I will try my best to finish all the courses for my graduation, pass all the exam and get all the credits[ˈkredɪts] in the first year. Then, in the second year, I am going to start reading papers and periodicals[ˌpɪəriˈɒdɪkl] as well as doing some academic  research with the seniors and my mentor. At last I will finish my graduation thesis[ˈθiːsɪs] in third year, take part in interships, and prepare for my future employment. I believe my post-graduate life would be enriched and meaningful.

# Tell us something about your family.

There are four members in my family : my father , mother , my sister and me. Father is a reporter , and my mother is a teacher. My sister is a doctoral student in a school .I love my parents so much , they give me whatever they have . more importantly, they give me their love and support without a request of return. I am so lucky to grow in such a family with love.

# 杂句子口语

has a long history of studying computer technology
